[Music]
with the clip because it is true that
the good thing about Spanish television is that
according to what they have told me, since it is
a public television, we can use the
images then we can see it, if not from
Spanish television you can use whatever
you want, always the same means, yes, yes,
yes, there as if you put it in its entirety, as if we are
seeing it in its entirety, let's go, we
could have done it, eh, we could have done it, of
course, the program Here with
a few nuggets so that you don't see it, I
am going to put a couple of public cliques
today, okay.
And today I have been lucky enough to meet her,
but no, I didn't know them, the pressure.
How do you handle it, Rocío,
if she tells you the sulfur, yours. Yours is already
stratospheric. Let's see, it's different, no, I've
always had that pressure
since I was born and I've always had it.
In the end, I am someone who does not have
social networks by my own will
because I don't, well, I
live much more calmly, from what I see, I live
much more calmly and well, the
pressure in the end, with reference to that
subject that we were talking about,
it has been very, very, very, very, very
strong, I mean, my pressure had
nothing to do with the pressure of any
other person in another state.
But well  In the end
I found comfort and I found
a
healing that also led me to being
able to bear it better,
incredible,
a couple of years ago I had suffered
gender-based violence, telling it has taken its
toll on you Rocío
[Laughs]
I reach a point in my life when
I am forced
to tell certain things because it is
decided that no, I decide that no, that I am not going to, that I am not going to,
so I do not want to
continue living that way and that I am not
going to do it and with prior healing I
also understand.
Well now we talk
and for me, the only thing that
telling it has really brought me has been
beneficial in terms of
myself, that is, it has served as
therapy for me, it has served as a healing, a
cure, but there is also a
stimulant for others and I think that
we will talk about that a little bit later
because I think that is extremely important, not
seen as a step that was used and that
thousands of women used to take the
same
brutal now we see another eh Now we see
more but brutal Look, listen to me, I'm going to
tell you where we start if you
allow me. Of course, it is your program, you are
what  you want in our that
has served as healing that
now feels very well and feels healed
It's that then we go I wonder
but well let's
see
what has healed you that you have recovered
your children you are with your children no I mean
what has served as healing It's that he has
taken him off work and he has
taken him off the TV he has cut it off he has already
put the zipper in his mouth and it
's like clear no no it
's not clear because when he says it
has served as therapy therapy
I would like those therapies come on Where do I
have to sign with that with that trifle
come on No apart Well apart from the
economic that many here grab on to
atorni is also charging during that it
is true that it is true She has the
right let's see evidently she already
has the right to has had the right to
speak as Antonio David has done
as everyone has done perfect now we
have or rather I think that what
Antonio David has not done is one put some
children that the feet of the horses as
this lady has done or rather because it is
what you say that
healing of your healing at the Cost of
screwing up the lives of your  children especially
your daughter who is affected and continues to be affected
and has been affected for two years no I mean your
healing is look at you the selfishness no And the
great empathy and that mother's love no that
when you say that I will never say out of my
mouth it will never come out she is a bad mother I can
think what I want but I never
think I take
advantage of the fact that you said that just because let's
see In fact I repeated it the other day in a
video and I want to emphasize that let's
see It's that this is used a lot like
this argument by the fuchsia tide as if
it were a taboo subject as if you were
accusing her of a crime as if you
were telling her something outrageous let's
see it's like how how are you going to call me
the mother of a woman how are you going to call
let's see
you can't judge my wife as a mother
because she hasn't sat on a set
because you don't see her day to day you don't know
How you don't
know What she does that she doesn't do
how she behaves how she doesn't behave
but a person who since she was
born has been parading around in all the
magazines and who has sold her children
absolutely all kinds of
exclusives the birth the birthday
the baptism the move even
supposedly there would be the possibility of
even some other sentence of
one of her children yes yes I mean To
what extent
wait no without going any further she just
sat down on a television program of the
heart
charging a million in which she has
dedicated two episodes to her daughter and now
we are seeing that she does not want to get
close to the daughter that she does not want to get
close to the son she does not want to reconcile
but it is because she is not ready that we do not
understand it we do not understand it
because flying monkeys according to those of
Rocío Carrasco because she is not ready
because of course as it is the being
as the being exists for everyone who has a
relationship with the being or who is
close to the being or who exists close to the being
she is not prepared neither with Gloria
Camila nor with José Fernando nor with her
children nor with anyone because no dear
well Of course we can have an
opinion and think that she is a bad mother or whatever
But of course I mean it is not an
imputable fact it is that nobody
can deem you imputable but
who am I I think that she  defines with
her actions in the end who I am that I am
not a mother at the moment who am I
to say
you are good bad such or such, I mean I think it is
herself with her actions and in the end she is
saying that, I mean a person who has
sat on a set, on a plate, not a
person who has sold a documentary,
some who has spoken about all the
details of that sentence that you just
mentioned that hugs and rubs elbows with
the people who crush her daughter on
television, I mean let's leave the
nonsense of Oh how awful, I don't know, no awful, no awful,
No, just okay,
good mother and her role as a mother more
than public I mean you can't play
any person as a mother because you don't
see it in her house But the thing is that I,
of course, would be missing more, this woman earning
the millionaire that she has earned, that
I could not think things about her
private life, I mean her private life is not
private and no, of course,
her life, look when she said that she does
not have social networks by her
own will. Look, it is hard for me to believe
that it is by her own will and everything and I'll
leave the subject there but I already had it there
You also value a person as a mother,
right?
In the end, it's saying the same thing. I wouldn't
want to have a mother like Rocio
Carrasco and I'm thankful that she's
watching me right now for having the amazing
mother that I have who has loved me who has
given me life, my
grandmother who I have here in Madrid and on
top of that she's in the room, not another
day. If that comes out a little in the live show,
but I have to say that to have
one, really, to have a mother like that, be
careful, I mean, I understand pretty well,
Rocio Flores is pretty good. That's why
I think Rocio Flores has played
the role of mother to her brother,
saying, "I protect you, I protect you, I protect you, I
protect you." It's that I swear to you
every time I see the indignation. But
how are you going to call her a bad mother, but you can't
call her a bad mother, it's not that you
can't, but to call the mother
seems to me to be falling to the level of, I mean,
saying, bad mother.
What's your documentary
about rubbing shoulders with Kiko Hernandez while
Kiko Hernandez makes fun of his daughter, they
ask him about his son, who's also there on
the network, I don't know if it was you who  did you
tell it or who was it wasn't Marta an
Instagram story that the
network itself prohibited from bringing up the subject of
wondering why she didn't call her son
because with the daughter, come on, we have this
excuse, this reason isn't there, but what about the
son What is the excuse that
no one told me with the daughter, the daughter builds
bridges and doesn't want to
have dedicated an entire episode to the
daughter's sentence that they didn't have
Why know the best of all that has been told to me, it has been
told to me from
that production company because I had a relationship
with some people in that documentary and it has been
told to me that
stronger things have been cut and omitted that they have
decided not to tell, in other words,
implying when they cut the famous 11
minutes Ah that was already being Well
look, well that Well that, well that because it was It was
precisely
Juanca took it, I was from you that my goodness
seen the documentaries that these people
saw here on the wave of blue on YouTube
and they said Look, I'm in, she took a piece
of the documentary of Rocío Carrasco, she removed
the image and took a piece And she put the
audio only of Rocío Carrasco saying
some  of the parts that he told yes for my
daughter he took me and did this to me and he did that to me
and now he removed the image and
put a photo of a courthouse and
published it And he put the eleven minutes the eleven
minutes vetoed by Telecinco and
the video went viral even
Federico ate it that I said Federico my mother
my son the video went viral I'm
left without a hair leaked the 11 minutes
that leaked the men who cut
very well the idea I mean that day it was
good eh No no But he found the
audio on Twitter on lapidario's Twitter I do
n't know if you didn't
know
if it was the best thing there was on Twitter that
he found that audio in a
lapidario video without an image and Juanka himself
of course as Victor didn't even know the documentary
because there are YouTubers of there are
YouTubers of this who came out to talk
about Rocío Carrasco who didn't even see the
documentary they joined what was on
Twitter and that's it and the guy didn't recognize
the audio of course when I saw the video
Juanca I say but if this is  from the
documentary karaoke
No, it's true, it's true, I'm
telling you that it surprises me
because Julia Otero and her
phenomenal producer, but the final decision
there is made by the
Spanish television network, it surprises me and I
would love to find out and I don't know, let's see
how it was developed and who gave the
last one, that she, this that is from above,
is that it surprises me that they agreed,
not because of the personal fact that it
was Rocío Carrasco, if it had been you
would have
[Music]